[Introduction The Scripps Research Institute, one of the country's largest, private, non-profit research organizations, has always stood at the forefront of basic biomedical science, a vital segment of medical research that seeks to comprehend the most fundamental processes of life. In just three decades the Institute has established a lengthy track record of major contributions to the betterment of health and the human condition. The Institute has become internationally recognized for its basic research into immunology, molecular and cellular biology, chemistry, neurosciences, autoimmune diseases, cardiovascular diseases, virology and synthetic vaccine development. Particularly significant is the Institute's study of the basic structure and design of biological molecules; in this arena TSRI is among a handful of the world's leading centers. The philosophy of The Scripps Research Institute emphasizes the creation of basic knowledge in the biosciences for the application of medical and material discoveries; the pursuit of fundamental scientific advances through interdisciplinary programs and collaborations, and the education and training of researchers preparing to meet the scientific challenges of the next century. The bulk of the Institute's funding is derived from the National Institutes of Health and other federal agencies. In today's environment of increasing competition for shrinking federal dollars, however, collaborative industrial partnerships with leading pharmaceutical companies provide additional funding in several areas key to the organization's research objectives. Scripps Research's facilities are located in La Jolla, California, and Jupiter, Florida. In La Jolla, Scripps Research operates more than 1 million square feet of laboratory space. The campus spans approximately 35 acres of land of which 14.7 are owned by the institute. Located in close proximity to the University of California, San Diego, the campus is situated with easy access to San Diego's scientific community, which includes The Salk Institute and the Burnham Institute, as well as a concentration of some 300 biotechnology companies. In Jupiter, Scripps Research operates a 350,000-square-foot facility consisting of three buildings completed in early 2009. Adjacent to Florida Atlantic University and the future home of a branch of the Max Plank Institute, the new Scripps Florida campus is already becoming the focus of an emerging cluster of biotechnology and pharmaceutical firms that will serve as an economic engine for the region. The Institute enjoys one of the world's leading private computational facilities with an array of computers, including LINUX high-performance computing clusters. Research is further supported by X-ray crystallography laboratories, high performance NMR spectrometry including a state-of-the-art 900 MHz instrument, electron microscopy, optical spectroscopy, a DNA sequencing laboratory and a fluorescence activated cell sorting facility. The centerpiece technology at Scripps Florida is a $10 million high throughput screening robotics system, which is used by researchers on both campuses and shared by research institutions throughout the State of Florida. Rather than isolating faculty members and laboratories into separate and distinct disciplines, as is generally the prescribed university model, the cooperative, collaborative spirit is encouraged and embraced. While the level of scientific investigation is intense, the atmosphere is collegial, relaxed and informal. Technicians, postdoctoral fellows and administrative support staff all are considered part of the team and are given the latitude and responsibility to accomplish their tasks so as to serve the best interests of science. The pursuit of scientific excellence is paramount and all efforts are directed toward that end. TSRI's adherence to the highest scientific standards, emphasis on a multidisciplinary approach to problem solving, philosophy toward the perpetuation of knowledge through education and reputation for research excellence provide an unparalleled scientific environment. Research Associate Advisor to the President for Appointments and Promotions Professor Dean of the Faculty Agent Organization, Joyce, Gerald The Scripps Research Institute Lerner, Richard The Scripps Research Institute Joyce, Gerald The Scripps Research Institute Powers, Evan The Scripps Research Institute Ph.D. Doctor of Philosophy Ph.D. Chemistry The Scripps Research Institute Ph.D. Doctor of Philosophy Ph.D. Macromolecular and Cellular Structure and Chemistry The Scripps Research Institute Ph.D. Doctor of Philosophy Ph.D. Macromolecular and Cellular Structure and Chemistry The Scripps Research Institute Ph.D. Doctor of Philosophy Ph.D. Chemistry The Scripps Research Institute Ph.D. Doctor of Philosophy Ph.D. Chemistry The Scripps Research Institute Ph.D. Doctor of Philosophy Ph.D. Chemistry The Scripps Research Institute Ph.D. Doctor of Philosophy Ph.D. Macromolecular and Cellular Structure and Chemistry The Scripps Research Institute Ph.D. Doctor of Philosophy Ph.D. Chemistry The Scripps Research Institute Ph.D. Doctor of Philosophy Ph.D. Macromolecular and Cellular Structure and Chemistry The Scripps Research Institute]