[About Scripps Florida Brief Overview Scripps Florida is a state-of-the-art biomedical research facility located in Jupiter, Florida (Palm Beach County) on 100 acres adjoining the Florida Atlantic University campus. Approximately 30 acres are within the boundaries of Florida Atlantic University's Jupiter campus, with the remaining 70 acres available for expansion on the adjacent Briger tract in Palm Beach Gardens. Using the latest research technology, researchers at Scripps Florida focus on basic biomedical research and drug discovery. Nearly 300 faculty members and scientific, technical, and administrative staff currently work at the 350,000-square-foot complex. The start-up costs of Scripps Florida—a division of The Scripps Research Institute headquartered in La Jolla, California—were supported by a one-time $310 million appropriation of federal economic development funds by the Florida State Legislature. Palm Beach County provided an economic package that included funding for land and construction of the current permanent facility and related costs. Scientific Organization of Scripps Florida Much of the work at Scripps Florida is dedicated to basic biomedical research, a vital segment of medical research that seeks to decipher the most fundamental processes of life. Additionally, researchers at Scripps Florida are developing advanced technologies, and applying these tools to the discovery of new therapeutic agents for a variety of devastating human diseases, including HIV/AIDS, cancer, depression, diabetes, hepatitis C, leishmaniasis (a tropical and sub-tropical parasitic disease), obesity, prion disease, Parkinson's disease, and diseases of learning and memory including Alzheimer's disease, bipolar disorder, schizophrenia, and autism. Currently, five academic departments of The Scripps Research Institute are headquartered at Scripps Florida – Cancer Biology, Infectology, Metabolism and Aging, Molecular Therapeutics, and Neuroscience, plus the Translational Research Institute, which consists of two primary departments, Advanced Technologies and Drug Discovery. A number of Scripps Florida faculty have joint appointments in the Translational Research Institute and an academic department. It is anticipated that additional institute departments will be headquartered at Scripps Florida as it continues to build out academic programs in the biological and chemical sciences. Agent Division Organization, ]